0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

# 0x01. Shell, permissions
- This projects highlights Linux file Permissions in depth. bellow, You will find all information about the scripts written for the project.

## 0. My name is Betty
- The first script switches the current user to the user `betty`.

## 1. Who am I 
- The second script prints the effictive username of the current user.

## 2. Groups
- The third script prints all the groups the current user is part of.

## 3. New owner
- The fourth script changes the owner of the file `hello` to the user `betty`. 

## 4. Empty!
- The fifth script creates an empty file called `hello`.

## 5. Execute 
- The sixth script adds execute permission to the owner of the file `hello`.

## 6. Multiple permissions
- The 7th script adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users to the file `hello`.

## 7. Everybody!
- The 8th script adds execution permission to everybody, to the file `hello`.

## 8. James Bond
- The 9th script takes all permissions from the owner and groups owner and give it to the other users.

##

Commit message:

Create script to give permission 753

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

# 0x01. Shell, permissions
- This projects highlights Linux file Permissions in depth. bellow, You will find all information about the scripts written for the project.

## 0. My name is Betty
- The first script switches the current user to the user `betty`.

## 1. Who am I 
- The second script prints the effictive username of the current user.

## 2. Groups
- The third script prints all the groups the current user is part of.

## 3. New owner
- The fourth script changes the owner of the file `hello` to the user `betty`. 

## 4. Empty!
- The fifth script creates an empty file called `hello`.

## 5. Execute 
- The sixth script adds execute permission to the owner of the file `hello`.

## 6. Multiple permissions
- The 7th script adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users to the file `hello`.

## 7. Everybody!
- The 8th script adds execution permission to everybody, to the file `hello`.

## 8. James Bond
- The 9th script takes all permissions from the owner and groups owner and give it to the other users.

## 9. John Doe
- The 10th script sets the mode of the file `hello` to `753`.
