0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

# Scripts
This folder contains files that hold script written using Shell in Linux.


## 0. Where am I? 
- The first script prints the absolute path name of the current working directory.

## 1. What’s in there? 
- The second script displays the contents of list of the current directory.

## 2. There is no place like home 
- The third script changes the working directory to the user's home directory.

## 3. The long format 
- The fourth script displays the current directory contents in a long format.

## 4. Hidden files 
- The fifth script displays the current directory contentss, including hidden files, using long format.

## 5. I love numbers
- The sixth script displays the current directory contents in:
  - Long format
  - with user and group IDs displayed numerically
  - And hidden files (starting with .)

## 6. Welcome
- The seventh script creates a directory named `my_first_directory` in the `/tmp/` directory.

## 7. Betty in my first directory 
- The eighth script moves the file betty from `/tmp/` to `/tmp/my_first_directory`.

## 8. Bye bye Betty
- This nineth script deletes the file betty in `/tmp/my_first_directory`.

## 9. Bye bye My first directory 
- This tenth script deletes the directory `my_first_directory` that is in the `/tmp` directory.

Commit message:

Create eleventh script and edit README file

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

# Scripts
This folder contains files that hold script written using Shell in Linux.


## 0. Where am I? 
- The first script prints the absolute path name of the current working directory.

## 1. What’s in there? 
- The second script displays the contents of list of the current directory.

## 2. There is no place like home 
- The third script changes the working directory to the user's home directory.

## 3. The long format 
- The fourth script displays the current directory contents in a long format.

## 4. Hidden files 
- The fifth script displays the current directory contentss, including hidden files, using long format.

## 5. I love numbers
- The sixth script displays the current directory contents in:
  - Long format
  - with user and group IDs displayed numerically
  - And hidden files (starting with .)

## 6. Welcome
- The seventh script creates a directory named `my_first_directory` in the `/tmp/` directory.

## 7. Betty in my first directory 
- The eighth script moves the file betty from `/tmp/` to `/tmp/my_first_directory`.

## 8. Bye bye Betty
- The nineth script deletes the file betty in `/tmp/my_first_directory`.

## 9. Bye bye My first directory 
- The tenth script deletes the directory `my_first_directory` that is in the `/tmp` directory.

## 10. Back to the future 
- The eleventh script changes the working directory to the previous one.
